# Using JSX

## 📝 Notes

From React docs

- React doesn’t require using JSX, but most people find it helpful as a visual aid when working with UI inside the JavaScript code. It also allows React to show more useful error and warning messages.
---
- We can split JSX over multiple lines for readability. While it isn’t required, when doing this, we also recommend wrapping it in parentheses to avoid the pitfalls of [automatic semicolon insertion](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2846283/what-are-the-rules-for-javascripts-automatic-semicolon-insertion-asi).

---
- After compilation, JSX expressions become regular JavaScript function calls and evaluate to JavaScript objects.
This means that you can use JSX inside of if statements and for loops, assign it to variables, accept it as arguments, and return it from functions:

```jsx
function getGreeting(user) {
  if (user) {
    return <h1>Hello, {formatName(user)}!</h1>;
  }
  return <h1>Hello, Stranger.</h1>;
}
```
---
- Don’t put quotes around curly braces when embedding a JavaScript expression in an attribute. You should either use quotes (for string values) or curly braces (for expressions), but not both in the same attribute.
---

>Warning: Since JSX is closer to JavaScript than to HTML, React DOM uses camelCase property naming convention instead of HTML attribute names. For example, class becomes className in JSX, and tabindex becomes tabIndex.
> 

---
- If a tag is empty, you may close it immediately with />, like XML.

--- 
> JSX Prevents Injection Attacks: By default, React DOM escapes any values embedded in JSX before rendering them. Thus it ensures that you can never inject anything that’s not explicitly written in your application. Everything is converted to a string before being rendered. This helps prevent XSS (cross-site-scripting) attacks.

